Prepare for TF review: `video` element visual-only content has accessible alternative (c3232f) (#1404)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/video-only-as-media-alternative-fd26cf.md

The label (from expectation 2) is [visible][] and [included in the accessibility tree][].

## Assumptions

- A mechanism is available to start the video and that the video element is not simply used to display the [poster](https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/semantics-embedded-content.html#element-attrdef-video-poster).
- The language of each test target can be correctly determined (either programmatically or by analyzing the content), and sufficiently understood.

## Accessibility Support

There are no major accessibility support issues known for this rule.

## Background

> - The term label used in expectations 2 and 3 does not refer to the `label` element.

Reviewer: Should that include link to https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-labels ?

#### Passed Example 1

> This `video` element, which has no audio, is a media alternative for the text in the page and labeled as such.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `video` element, which has no audio, is a media alternative for the text in the page and it is labelled as such.
```
